# Incremental Development

## Requirements
The CURSE system should be able to hold 100 students, 10 instructors, and 1 administrator. The students should be able to register for classes and be able to see available classes and their own schedule. The instructors should be able to see available classes and their own class roster. The administrator should be able to see everything and can edit class, user, and schedules. The classes themselves should have have the following attributes: CRN, class name, times, class description, and instructor. Other functionality the program should have is multiple semesters, print-out of schedule, and scheduling preference.

## Development
Using incremental development allows for development in pieces. You begin working on one portion of the model and then continue working on other parts that may tie together as well. These smaller parts should be done simultaneously. Once each individual part is complete, you add them to the base model and continue to add intermediate versions when a new change is made. In the CURSE system, the Incremental Model should begin with the design of each database by creating entity-relationship diagrams and converting it to a relational model. Then, the database should be converted to data structures and the User interface should be created as a foundation. Once the databases have been completed, they are then added into the user interface. When implementing them, the surrounding program must be adjusted to store and load pertinent information as necessary. It is important that the user privileges are added in around this point. Once tested, we can move onto including multiple semesters, print-out schedules, and scheduling preferences. Each individual function can be seen as a different piece and once implemented should output a new version of the program. 
	
## Validation
Usually when creating something using the Incremental model, there should be a final version. This final version should be able to use all the functions successfully. If there are any changes to the requirements after the changes have been made, tweaks can be made and a new final version may be implemented.