Incremental Development

To begin developing an incremental model, we must first begin with a basic design specification. For example, I could begin similarly to the waterfall model with the basic functionality of the program. Similarly, the Incremental Model should begin with the creation of each object and the skeleton for the User Interface. Since newer version may not reflect all necessary requirements of the system, every version consists of some sort of improvement that works towards the final goal. After creating a functioning UI that works as intended, the final version is not too far away. After constant evolution of intermediate versions of the program, development can proceed to fill any additional requirements that the user might need. The initial version will not be the final version due to the fact that not all requirements are met. Once all requirements are met, the program can be released and tweaked as necessary. 
	
Using incremental development allows for development in pieces. You begin working on one portion of the model and then continue working on other parts that may tie together as well. These smaller parts should be done simultaneously. Once each individual part is complete, you add them to the base model and continue to add intermediate versions when a new change is made. In the CURSE system, each component should be made separately and then deployed and tested to ensure a working version. For example, each database should be created separately and the User interface should be created as a foundation. Once the databases have been completed, they are then added into the user interface. When implementing them, the surrounding program must be adjusted to store and load pertinent information as necessary. It is important that the user privileges are added in around this point. Once tested, we can move onto including multiple semesters, print-out schedules, and scheduling preferences. Each individual function can be seen as a different piece and once implemented should output a new version of the program. 
	
Usually when creating something using the Incremental model, there should be a final version. If there are any changes to the requirements after the changes have been made, tweaks can be made and a new final version may be implemented.
